fixes #325 by updating references to The Notary Project (#327)
notaryproject/notaryproject.dev: content/en/docs/installation/_index.md

---
title: Installation guides

> description: The collection of guides for installing and using The Notary Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The collection of guides for installing and using Notation
```

Author: fixed
